c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\bin\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.exe.config
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\bin\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.exe
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\bin\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.pdb
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\bin\Debug\Oracle.ManagedDataAccess.dll
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.Form1.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormGYMREG.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormHostelAttSTU.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormMESSATTENDENCEstu.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormPersonalSTU.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormSTUDENT.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.STUCHOOSE.resources
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.exe
c:\users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.pdb
C:\Users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.HostelSTUinfo.resources
C:\Users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.MESSSTUinfo.resources
C:\Users\abuba\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.GYMSTUinfo.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.FormAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.INSETstuAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.INSEThosAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.ADMINoption.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.UPDATEstuAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.UPDATEhosAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.DELETEstuAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.REPAIRhosADMIN.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.DailyExpenseAdmin.resources
C:\Users\abuba\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DBFINALPROJ\DBFINALPROJ\obj\Debug\DBFINALPROJ.VISITORadmin.resources
